Explain that to me.
Yoyo Mingming has always lived with Chen Te
Why did you lie to Secretary Lin?
Said his child was taken away
Oh, I'm wronged.
I did see the back of a child
Just like Yoyo
The same jeans and coat.
Even the hairstyle is the same
I also care about children
In case you are taken away, it is really Yoyo
I have to say
No, blowing kisses can't wait at the airport
Secretary Lin is very angry and takes a plane to leave
What? I'll contact him right away.
He blocked me.
Secretary Lin
I know you're nervous kid
But you can't leave Weiwei at the airport, can you?
She's an international supermodel
The opening model for this launch event
Can't come now
The press conference may face an open skylight
This responsibility
Are you worthy?
Mr. Gu
I am willing to take all the responsibility this time.
Urgently contact the modeling agency
Have them send other supermodels over
Price is not an issue
Yes
The press conference is about to start.
It's going to the peak now, it's probably too late.
Everybody back and forth.
A project that has been working hard for more than half a year
That's how you replicate Dongliu
Mr. Gu is better than
Just let me on top